Make foremanctl changes for alternate cnames (#4771)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-project-with-an-alternate-cname.adoc

= Configuring {Project} with an alternate CNAME

[role="_abstract"]
You can configure an alternate CNAME for {Project} with the default {Project} certificate.
Note that the procedures for users of a default {Project} certificate and custom certificate differ.

.Procedure
ifdef::foremanctl[]
. Add an alternate CNAME to a new installation or an existing deployment of {Project} with a default {Project} certificate:

> [options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
```

= Configuring {Project} with an alternate CNAME

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure an alternate CNAME for {Project} with the default {Project} certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure a CNAME for {Project} with the default {Project} certificate.
```

Author: Out of scope

Note that the procedures for users of a default {Project} certificate and custom certificate differ.

.Procedure
ifdef::foremanctl[]

> . Add an alternate CNAME to a new installation or an existing deployment of {Project} with a default {Project} certificate:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add a CNAME to a new installation or an existing deployment of {Project} with a default {Project} certificate:
```

Author: Out of scope

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foremanctl-installer} --certificate-cname _My-Alternate-FQDN.example.com_
----
endif::[]
ifndef::foremanctl[]

> . If you have installed {Project} with a default {Project} certificate and want to configure {Project} with an alternate CNAME, generate a new default {Project} SSL certificate with an additional CNAME on {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you have installed {Project} with a default {Project} certificate and want to configure {Project} with a CNAME, generate a new default {Project} SSL certificate with an additional CNAME on {ProjectServer}:
```

Author: Out of scope

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --certs-cname _My-Alternate-FQDN.example.com_ --certs-update-server
----

> . If you have not installed {Project}, you can add the `--certs-cname _My-Alternate-FQDN.example.com_` option to the `{foreman-installer}` command to install {Project} with an alternate CNAME.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you have not installed {Project}, you can add the `--certs-cname _My-Alternate-FQDN.example.com_` option to the `{foreman-installer}` command to install {Project} with a CNAME.
```

> . If you have not installed {Project}, you can add the `--certs-cname _My_alternate-{foreman-example-com}_` option to the `{foreman-installer}` command to install {Project} with an alternate CNAME.

Reviewer: Btw, in the following section, we have this FQDN as an example and it just looks better :)
```suggestion
. If you have not installed {Project}, you can add the `--certs-cname _My-Alternate-FQDN.example.com_` option to the `{foreman-installer}` command to install {Project} with an alternate CNAME.
```

endif::[]

> . If you use {Project} with a custom certificate, when creating a custom certificate, include the alternate CNAME records to the custom certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you use {Project} with a custom certificate, when creating a custom certificate, include the CNAME records to the custom certificate.
```

Author: Out of scope

= Configuring {Project} with an alternate CNAME

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure an alternate CNAME for {Project} with the default {Project} certificate.

Reviewer: Why and when? What is the benefit?

Author: Yeah that's also given me pause. It's expanded on a little bit in the assembly intro (which is a bit strange in that it actually contains its own intro, but I don't feel as fixing that is in scope here).

Author: @Lennonka Do you think we should duplicate the info from the assembly abstract here, or is that sufficient?

Reviewer: Let's keep it. I'm assuming the guide will be going through CQA later.

Note that the procedures for users of a default {Project} certificate and custom certificate differ.

.Procedure
ifdef::foremanctl[]
. Add an alternate CNAME to a new installation or an existing deployment of {Project} with a default {Project} certificate:
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # {foremanctl-installer} --certificate-cname _My_alternate_fqdn_

Reviewer: I'd personally go with an actual FQDN as an example.
```suggestion
# {foremanctl-installer} --certificate-cname _alternate-{foreman-example-com}_
```
Feel free to ignore.

Author: Strictly speaking the replaceables should not be examples of the values, as per RH SSG, but we're ignoring that guidance anyway, so I suppose so? I think it is actually more helpful to users, so why not.

----
endif::[]
ifndef::foremanctl[]
. If you have installed {Project} with a default {Project} certificate and want to configure {Project} with an alternate CNAME, generate a new default {Project} SSL certificate with an additional CNAME on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --certs-cname _My_alternate_fqdn_ --certs-update-server
----
. If you have not installed {Project}, you can add the `--certs-cname _My_alternate_fqdn_` option to the `{foreman-installer}` command to install {Project} with an alternate CNAME.
endif::[]
. If you use {Project} with a custom certificate, when creating a custom certificate, include the alternate CNAME records to the custom certificate.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}creating-a-custom-ssl-certificate_{project-context}[Creating a Custom SSL Certificate for {ProjectServer}].
ifdef::foremanctl[]
+
[NOTE]
====

> You can remove all CNAMEs from an existing certificate by using the `{foremanctl-installer} --reset-certificate-cname` command.

Reviewer: This looks placed weirdly. Why and when would someone need to do this?

Author: @stejskalleos Is there an actual use case, or should we just remove this? I remember you said that we might not want to include it.

Reviewer 2: The ``--reset-<parameter>` functionality is available for every parameter, including the `certificate-cname`.

>  I remember you said that we might not want to include it.

That was for `certs-update-server`.

> This looks placed weirdly. Why and when would someone need to do this?

I don't know, there might be a case where you want to clean up all the cnames.

Author: @stejskalleos It would be helpful to provide one or two examples of such cases, particularly those that customers might search for, and it would lead them here where the solution is.

Reviewer: It looks like fluff that is not relevant to the problem that is being solved by this procedure. I'd remove the Note.
The user can always consult the help of the CLI program, in this case `{foremanctl-installer}`. It does have help, like `{foremanctl-installer} --help`, right?

Reviewer 2: > The user can always consult the help of the CLI program, in this case {foremanctl-installer}. It does have help, like {foremanctl-installer} --help, right?

Correct. The option is there, and it's not like they would do it on a daily basis.

Author: removed
